Your in-laws beat me, I rely on you,
My in-laws are dead, you all have killed me,
These two people dare not refuse people,
Look at half the small one and give it to the big one.
Miss, which one do you want?
If you dare to touch me, don’t wait for anyone, but I’m fine.
I am also my own boy, he calls you genius,
It's not a common dish, I suggest putting it out,
Otherwise, you have to repair it and make it longer.
Originally, you meant to fix the fake one,
Xiaofei, I don’t care who organizes it for you,
I want to practice reality,
Did you hear that?
This is angry
No, it’s because you don’t want to die without talking, right?
It’s really nothing more than what kind of business you are in
Not working or not working
Within three soils
You still talk to me like this when you come back?
I'm still looking for death
Give it a shot for a few days
I believe it will definitely slow you down a bit
I'm attracted to your old man
I'm sure your old man will be there soon
Say it and offer it
Yang Li a dog noodle